MAN [ON TV]: Carroll was convicted in 2004
for the murders of 14 women.
I have so many surprises waiting for you.
[PHONE RINGS]
- Hello?
- Mom? I wanna go home.
- Why can't I come home?
- I'm gonna come get you.
- No.
- Joey!
They were able to find a signal in upstate
New York. Jacob Wells. Paul Torres.
Hey. guys. This is Megan.
- Thought you were gonna deal with this.
- Paul brought her here.
- Jacob's never killed anyone.
- I think you should do it. Jacob.
Since you never have.
If you wanna see Joey.
be at the corner of Broad and 26th street.
If you wanna see Joey. get in now.
I won't say it again.
This is Hank. Roderick sent him.
We need to get out of here. guys.
You have 10 minutes.
RYAN:
Megan.
Hey. Joey. I'm a friend of your mom's.
She sent me to come take you home.
[GUN seems]
Do not move.
Hand over your weapon.
- It's okay.
- Go to your room.
- You heard what he said.
Where's Denise?
- Go to your room now!
- Do what he says. Go to your room.
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
All right. Now turn around. slowly.
I can do that.
Over there. by the chair.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Now what?
- Shut up. Let me think.
- That's Ryan.
- Yeah. I know who he is.
EMMA: Where's Joey?
PAUL: He's upstairs.
- Where's Hank?
JACOB: He's in the barn.
He's dead. There's a dead cop too.
There's probably more on the way.
- We gotta get out of here.
- Stay calm.
- This isn't a calm situation. This is freak time.
- Damn it. hold it together.
- He's right. There'll be others any second.
- Who else knows we're here?
Just me.
And the FBI...
...local police. state police.
U.S. Marshals. SWAT...
...ATF. HRT.
I'm sure I'm forgetting someone.
But this is the end.
None of you are making it out of here.
Not alive anyway.
CHARLIE:
Let's go.
Where are we?
[GUN seems]
I was told that I would see my son.
Where is he?
I asked you a question.
Say something.
I don't wanna hurt you. Claire.
Don't make me hurt you.
The house sits a ways from the road.
it's just beyond that tree line.
Hey. You're doing good. Just hang in there.
How big is the property?
Four acres. Mostly fields and woods.
Chief. Lopez is dead.
He's what? How?
We don't know the details.
He was with Ryan Hardy.
Hey. Hey. I'm sorry about Officer Lopez.
but I need you to focus. chief.
I need all of your men here now. Okay?
Feds are on their way with SWAT and HRT.
But we need to guard the perimeter...
...so no one can leave
that property before then.
Where is Ryan Hardy now?
Last time I spoke to him.
he was headed inside the house.
I found this.
So tie him up.
- What's wrong?
- He's looking at me funny.
- Do it.
- Yeah. Jacob.
Do it. Come on.
Do it.
The second you get within
two feet of me...
...I'm gonna snap your neck
and crack your spine.
- I'll shoot.
- His spine will be cracked.
- And you'll be dead.
- And his spine will be cracked.
- He's bluffing.
- How do you know that'? Huh?
He's FBI. He knows this stuff.
Yeah. Paul. I know that stuff.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
What was that?
My cell phone.
- Want me to answer it?
- No.
Give it to me.
Take it.
All right. just put it on the table
and step away.
I'm too nervous to sit. that's all.
How much longer before I see my son?
Soon as I have an ETA. you'll know.
How do you know Joe?
We met through friends.
I can easily slice into
the prison library sewers...
...and create a sewer that piggybacks
on what's there. They'll never know.
It's similar to the covert systems
we had in Baghdad.
- How long were you in the Army for?
- Six years.
Four tours in Baghdad. two in Kandahar.
I was a corporal
in the cyber-surveillance team. sir.
But you were discharged?
Psychiatric discharge?
There is no judgment here. Charlie.
No disgrace in serving your country.
- How many people have you killed?
- Nine. sir.
Three terrorists. two Iraqi soldiers.
and four others.
The other four. who were they?
People I wanted dead. sir.
Well. you are handy to have around.
Did Roderick explain what it was
I'd like you to do?
Yes. sir. find I'm incredibly grateful
far the opportunity.
What's all this for?
You've been watching me?
You don't have to be afraid of me. Claire.
It's not my intention to hurt you.
You have to trust me.
Why would I ever trust you?
Because I'm your follower.
- Could I sit down?
- Yeah.
- No. Wha--?
- I mean. no.
- So Paul's in charge. huh?
- No.
- Nobody's in charge.
- That'd explain a lot.
You shouldn't be a smart ass
with a gun in your face.
Yeah. probably not.
- How's Joey?
- I gave him his special milk.
- He'll be asleep in 10 minutes.
- You drugged him'!
Why isn't he tied up?
[SIRENS WHOOP]
- What is that?
JACOB: It's sirens.
It's the cops.
- What are they doing?
RYAN: Letting you know you're surrounded.
None of you are getting out of here.
- The same goes for you.
- Well. I'm okay with that.
I know you're not gonna hurt Joey.
And I know the FBl's not gonna hurt him.
so I'm okay with anything else.
Really?
- You smug piece of--
- Be careful--
[TASER BUZZING]
What's going on with him?
It's the electric current.
It interferes with his pacemaker.
He'll be okay.
By the way...
...Joe's idea.
Now tie him up.
WOMAN: The FBI arrived earlier today
to assist local authorities with the capture...
...of three suspects
with ties to Joe Carroll.
Now. sources claim
that these accomplices...
...are holding Carroll's son hostage
inside the farmhouse.
[SIRENS WHOOP]
- Okay. Bring me up to speed.
- Ryan's still inside with the suspects.
We can't confirm a number
or the whereabouts of Joey.
We have tapped into the house's sewer.
[KEYBOARD KEYS CLACKING]
- They're trying to e-mail somebody.
-It went to Wi-Fi then to satellite.
- This is inside the farmhouse?
- Happening right now. I can grab this.
All right. here it comes. I got it.
It's encrypted. Damn it.
Did anybody else get that?
- No.
- Come on.
[WESTON SIGHS]
Joey's sleeping. What are you doing?
I e-mailed Roderick.
Told him about Hank and Ryan Hardy.
We need more help.
I'm trying to be tough here. Jacob...
...but we are in trouble
and I don't know what to do.
Roderick sent Hank.
What if he doesn't send anybody else?
Just wait to see if he answers.
We're gonna get out of this.
We're gonna figure this out.
Okay?
[DOOR LOCK BUZZES]
So. what's the latest update?
I don't have much to report. Ryan Hardy is
now at the farmhouse in Dutchess County.
And Claire?
She went missing earlier today
from a restaurant on Broad Street.
She appears to have taken your advice.
No one can find her.
[CHUCKLES]
I think it's time to know what I'm a part of.
What is this all about?
Do you really want me
to answer that. Olivia?
That would make you complicit.
If. for instance. you knew
that your statement to the press...
...triggered a plan that incited
the abduction of my wife...
...that would make all sorts of trouble.
both for you and your career.
You don't want me to answer that.
do you?
No.
Keep me updated.
You're gonna make a phone call.
- No. thank you. You do it.
- No. you're gonna do it.
You tell those cops out there to retreat.
I don't want a cop
or anyone coming near this house.
Or what?
You need leverage.
I'm good for nothing.
You can kill me and I don't care.
Eventually. But I thought we'd start
with our little friend in the basement.
Have you met Megan?
[MEGAN GRUNTS]
Hey. hey. hey. Stop. stop. Okay. okay.
Thought that would do it.
How about that call?
I see six entrances but only three
access points. Is that correct?
- Yes. We've got the roads blocked.
- What about aerial support?
- I need choppers in the air.
- Got choppers on standby.
- What's Turner saying?
- They put an APB in Virginia...
...for Claire Matthews.
but no trace on her cell phone.
And what about Olivia Warren?
What she told Claire.
She's not talking.
She knows something. We're moments away
from rescuing Carroll's son...
...he orchestrates moves on his ex-wife?
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Lawyer's helping coordinate a plan.
I wanna know it.
- It's Ryan.
- Pick it up.
[WESTON PRESSES BUTTONS
ON PHONE]
Ryan. it's Weston. How are you?
Cozy as can be. I'm sitting here
with my three new friends...
...and a pretty girl named Megan.
Megan Leeds.
The missing girl from the grocery store.
What about Joey Matthews?
They're kind of mad at me so I probably
shouldn't tell you that he's asleep upstairs.
What are you doing?
Tell them to back off.
Excuse me.
is that Emma Hill I'm hearing?
Emma? This is Agent Debra Parker.
How are you?
Say hi.
Is there anything you guys need?
Can we get you anything?
We want this to come
to a safe resolution for everyone.
Then get the hell out of here. Have your
men retreat or I will kill Megan Leeds...
...and then I'll start on Ryan Hardy.
Do you understand?
We copy. Nice art. by the way.
- What?
- At your house.
In the attic. the murals on the ceiling.
The women. Lenore. Annabel Lee.
You're a very talented artist.
What do you think you're doing?
I used to draw when I was young.
I gave it up.
But what I like about your work is that
all of the faces resemble your mother.
Is that negotiator talk?
- It won't work. lady. I killed my mother.
- I know.
Most of us only dream about doing it.
There have been so many times
I've wanted to whack my mom.
You must miss her.
Your art suggests you do.
I know I miss my mother all the time.
Screw you. You know nothing.
Actually. I know more than you may thi--
[PHONE CLICKS
THEN DIAL TONE SOUNDS]
Hey. they're just trying to get under
your skin. okay? Just shake it off.
I'm fine. okay?
I'm gonna check our e-mail.
It's okay. just go with her.
RYAN:
You're sleeping with Emma?
Wait. you two aren't gay?
[INDIGNANT]
I'm not gay.
What about you? Gay?
Shut up.
Hey.
What was all that about?
SWAT and HRT are still an hour out.
I was trying to stall
whatever it is they may be planning to do.
Is it true about her art? It's of her mom?
Every single painting. mural. sketch
looks like her mother.
I suspect she's completely traumatized
by having killed her.
- But why unravel her?
- I'm trying to...
...bring her grief to the surface...
...and remind her she's human.
she has a conscience.
Might make her rethink a choice
she's about to make.
- Sounds like her mother did a number on her.
- Mine sure did.
Parental influence defines us.
Hello. Debra.
Look at you.
You're all grown up.
Hello. Dale.
I came to see my family.
It's been 15 years.
- Why now?
- Because it's been 15 years.
What makes you think
they'd wanna see you?
After what you've done.
Debra.
Don't be afraid. child.
[SOBBING]
Shh.
Shh. shh.
No. no. no.
No.
[SCREAMS]
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
Mama. Mama. Mama.
Hello. Mom. Dad.
[SIGHS]
Any word?
- They've been delayed.
- By the FBI?
I don't know.
Still looking into it.
You'll have to be patient.
Patient? He was never coming. was he?
No. he's coming. Claire.
That's the plan.
You're to be reunited with your son.
Yeah. and then what?
There are certain things I can't tell you.
That's one of them.
[KEYBOARD KEYS CLACKING]
What did you mean
when you said you were my follower?
I've been watching you. Claire.
These are my notes.
- I'm very thorough.
- Oh. my God.
- All the data's been entered into the system.
- For how long?
Two years.
There's more.
- It was important for Joe to share your life.
- Why?
- He loves you very much.
- He loves me? He tried to kill me.
He doesn't want you to die.
He's hoping you'll survive this.
[$0581
You filmed this?
Did Denise know?
Or Emma. whatever her name is.
- Did she know about this?
- No.
I knew about her but she didn't know me.
Joe didn't want her involved.
Everyone plays their own part. Claire.
You're my pan.
- Roderick wrote back.
- Is he sending more help?
He doesn't say. He said he'll contact us
soon on the satellite phone.
"Shut down all online correspondence.
It's no longer secure."
What. that's all he said?
He said for us to be ready.
Ready for what?
They're backing off.
Where's his phone?
Here.
- What are you doing?
- We need to delay until Roderick calls.
- Thought I'd let the FBI help with that.
- Where's Jacob?
- He's checking on Joey.
- How's he doing with everything?
- What do you mean?
- You know what I mean.
- With us?
- Yeah.
So not the time. Paul.
Oh. wow. this is interesting.
So you're sleeping with Emma too?
Or just Jacob. or both?
You have no idea what's going on.
You're right. I don't.
In my head. I got this whole
three-way scenario going on here.
You like Jacob but Jacob likes Emma...
...and Emma just wants
to control you both. but...
That can't be it. can it? I mean. come on.
Really?
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Parker. Ryan's phone.
You have Agent Parker. who is this?
It's Emma.
Hello. Emma. What can I do for you?
You're right.
I do miss my mother.
[CHUCKLES]
You did not call me to tell me that.
What's going on in there?
Why are you playing with me?
She was slutty. my mom.
She brought guys home all the time.
Especially during my formative years.
I could hear them in her bedroom.
- Is that why you killed her?
- I killed her to be free.
She tried to make me something I'm not.
Yes. parents do like to control us.
Not anymore.
Nobody tells me what to do.
Except Joe.
- I make my own choices.
- How so?
I mean. didn't you just replace
one parent with another?
How's it different?
Aren't you only doing what Joe wants?
I chose Joe. He was my choice.
We cannot choose our parents. but we can
break free of them. And that's what I did.
[PHONE BEEPS]
Emma? Emma?
You've come a long way.
Well. I've missed you.
It's been so long.
I wanted to know how you are.
- You never should've left. Debra.
- I didn't belong here.
That's not true.
You had great potential.
I could talk to the council.
they might take you back.
No. Dad. That's not why I'm here.
Then why are you here?
You're my parents.
I wanted to see you. We're family.
Agent Parker.
Emma's stalling.
Did you track their e-mail'?
No. we're still trying.
They've contacted someone.
They're buying time.
- Where's Emma?
- She's in the kitchen.
So Jacob. how's the whole
three-way thing work?
You told him?
Yeah. I called that. Not bad. huh?
He's running his mouth. Don't listen.
It makes sense. right?
You're posing as a gay couple for that long.
sooner or later you gotta put out.
Hey. hey. Don't listen to him.
Let him talk.
I know you love Emma.
- For the love of God. you people.
- Shut your mouth.
You want me to kill that girl. huh?
Nobody thinks that I can.
Stop. Okay. don't shoot. don't shoot.
You need to sit down.
Jacob. Jacob. Take--
Just keep it together.
Just keep it together right now.
Hey. I got something.
I unscrambled an e-mail
sent on their sewer.
"What's your ETA? I have Claire."
Sent from a warehouse in Richmond.
Gotta be Claire Matthews.
Get Turner on the line.
Give him the location.
- SWAT is here.
- Good. Let's get you guys in position.
Just give us the word.
We'll take that house no problem.
- I want the child safe first.
- I got two well-trained sharpshooters.
I've got a child. an innocent girl.
and one of my agents in there.
- Can you guarantee me their safety?
Guarantee? No. ma'am.
Okay then. Get your men in position.
but stand down until I tell you.
- I'll go on site with SWAT.
- I'm going too. I know the property.
Yeah. it's me. I need to speak to Roderick.
I haven't heard from Hank.
No. nothing. What about the boy?
Are you sure?
Don't doubt me. Roderick. I can do this.
I still have her without the boy.
What do you want me to do
with Claire Matthews?
Don't do this. Claire.
[SCREAMS]
Don't do that again.
In position. all clear.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Be right back.
Must have been an important call.
We're good. Everything's cool.
What's that mean?
What are we supposed to do?
Keep it together. Sit tight a little longer.
I'm gonna check on Joey.
- What's going on here?
- Relax.
Have a little faith. Paul.
Yeah. Paul.
The place is surrounded by cops...
...all the roads are closed...
...no way out. but have a little faith.
Hey there. sleepyhead. Wake up.
Wake up. Wake up.
- What's going on?
- Come on. We gotta go.
Go on. Okay.
I'm sorry I ran off.
I got scared. I heard you say something
was wrong and I just wanted to get away.
I mean. if Joey's not coming here.
then why can't I go home?
That was never the plan. Claire.
What is the plan. Charlie?
There's certain things I can't tell you.
You tell me who Roderick is?
- Can't tell you that.
- That's not his real name. is it?
It's the main character in The Fall of the
House of Usher by Edgar Allan Poe. isn't it?
All I can tell you
is that he's a friend of Joe's.
What is Joe doing?
Hmm?
Why do you listen to him?
What is this all about?
He's teaching me to feel my life.
Claire worked all week.
She went to the doctor.
She took Joey all over the place.
soccer. piano.
She went to a Céline Dion concert
Friday with Lisa.
Céline Dion. Oh. good God.
It was a benefit.
Claire looked great.
- Little black dress--
- You've fallen for her. haven't you?
- I would never be inappropriate.
- I know that. Charlie.
It's easy to fall for a woman like Claire.
- You can trust me. sir.
- I know I can.
It's why you're here.
I shouldn't have done that.
I should never touch you like that.
It's impure.
What's taking her so long?
Go upstairs and get her.
She's not upstairs.
- What?
- I looked all over. She and Joey are gone.
They must've gone down the back stairs
out the back door.
- What are we gonna do?
- I don't know. Let me think.
Run to the street. Don't stop.
Help will be there.
Held your fire.
It's the girl. She's getting away.
We're in trouble.
- Mike.
-Hey. Ryan?
Emma's running. Southwest corner of the
property towards the woods. She's got Joey.
Got it. That was Hardy.
Emma and Joey are on their way.
Eyes up.
- FBI. show me your hands! Do it now!
- Okay.
- Show me your hands. Get on the ground.
- Okay. relax. Everything's fine.
Do it now! All the way!
Move it!
- Come on. Joey. We're almost there.
- Where are we going?
Someplace safe.
Away from the people who wanna hurt you.
What about Jacob and Paul?
- They'll be fine.
- Don't move!
Hands in the air. now.
Joey. It's okay. we're here to help you.
I'm with Roderick. Let's go. Come on.
- Let me help you.
- I'm okay.
Then you need to help me
because you know where Joey is.
I'm gonna take you to him.
Okay? I promise.
[ALARM GOES OFF]
- What is that?
- Somebody's here.
Damn it.
MAN: Federal agents!
Get on the ground now!
[CLAIRE SCREAMS]
He's gone. sir.
Agent Parker. Hardy's out of the house.
So is Joey and the nanny.
The two men are still inside.
- Take it down.
- Yes. ma'am.
[GRUNTS]
It's okay. You're okay.
I can't believe Emma left.
Why would she leave?
I don't know. but we gotta get out of here.
Don't shoot. Don't shoot. We surrender.
Roderick sent us. Go out the back.
Go. now.
Mike.
Mike. Mike. Mike.
Ava. the local cop. she's in on it.
She shot me point-blank.
- Which way did she go?
- That way.
Go ahead. I'm fine. I'm wearing a vest.
Full tank. Everything you need is in the
glove compartment. Keys in the ignition.
- Where are we going?
- I told you.
Far away. Where they won't shoot at us.
- Better get moving.
- Stop right there!
RYAN:
No. Joey. no. Wait.
No.
[COUNTRY MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO]
- Man. you scared me. You okay?
- I've been better.
We blocked off every road
in a 10-mile radius. Nobody's seen them.
How'd they get out of here?
Thought you had this place on lockdown.
Carroll's people killed two of our SWAT
guys guarding the southwest exit...
...took their weapons. posed as SWAT.
killed two more.
They planted a police officer in town.
How did they do that?
They have tactical resources.
I mean. who are these people?
Ryan are you okay?
Just let him go.
How did Joe Carroll
bring these people together?
- Where do they come from?
- The cult mentality is one of unity.
It's human nature.
We all wanna belong.
It's a primal need.
You're my parents.
I wanted to see you. We're family.
No.
No. she came out of guilt.
She wants our forgiveness.
Is that what you think?
You destroyed us.
You ran off in the middle of the night.
We lost our standing.
We were almost exiled.
No. Mom.
I don't want your forgiveness.
I came to forgive you.
And tell you that I love you.
Both of you.
And I always will.
Please remember that.
[SOBBING]
What have you done?
- Mama.
- You have to.
- No. No. Mama. Mama. no. I--
No! No. I won't.
Please.
[SCREAMING]
No!
The FBI compromised a farmhouse
in Dutchess County...
...but your people got out safely.
including your son.
The FBI has no idea where he is.
And now it's time.
For what?
The next part of the story.
This morning. I filed a motion
on behalf of my client Joe Carroll...
...with the Federal Bureau of Prisons
for violations of the Eighth Amendment.
Mr. Carroll has been subject to numerous
incidents of abuse by the FBI.
This abuse has to stop immediately.
Also. we have requested that Warden...
Ryan Hardy is here.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
JACOB:
Emma. Hello?
Emma. Emma. some on. say something.
I know that you're there.
Emma. Emma. where are you?
You left us?
Why did you leave us?
Emma!
Hang on. Hang on. Look at me.
I'm gonna get us some help.
Just hang on.
Thank you. for not leaving me.
Breathe.
[English - US - SDH]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm